Update notifications-and-updates.rst (#5314)
mattermost/docs: source/playbooks/notifications-and-updates.rst

Notifications and Updates
=========================

There are multiple ways to receive updates and notifications.

> Follow runs

Author: @stephenvanhemmen, what happens when a run that you're following is finished? Do you get "unsubscribed"? Can that run be restarted? When would following a playbook be better than following a specific run, and vice versa?

Reviewer: When a run you're following is finished, you will receive a `Run finished` notification.
<img width="673" alt="Screen Shot 2021-12-13 at 12 45 23 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67066684/145862166-4cea3617-3053-47fa-aa73-cc4b256d26a2.png">
 
 You will still be following the run (as seen on the `Run Details` page) but should not receive further notifications except if the retrospective is published/republished, then you'll receive a `Retrospective` notification. 
 
Following a playbook would be ideal for users who care about all instances of a certain procedure (usually managers/decision-makers), for example, Tao would likely be auto-following all runs of the Feature Swimlane playbook. Following a specific run would be ideal for users who only care about one instance of a procedure, for example, a community translator would only want to follow the Playbooks translation feature instead of all of our feature runs.

-------------------------

> You can choose to follow specific playbooks so that you'll receive updates on important events such as when a run is started and finished, as well as status updates and retrospetive updates every time that playbook is used for a run. This is a good option if you're a interested in all instances of a specific workflow, such as an outage resolution playbook.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Follow specific playbooks to receive updates on important events such as when a run is started and finished, as well as status and retrospective updates every time that playbook is run. This is a good option if you're interested in all instances of a specific workflow, such as an outage resolution playbook.
```

> As a stakeholder, you can also choose to follow only a specific run. This means that while you don't have to participate in the run, you'll receive updates and can decide what, if any, actions to take. This is a good option if you're only interested in a single instance of a procedure, for example, you may want to only follow customer onboarding for one specific customer instead of all the onboarding runs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As a stakeholder, you can also choose to follow only a specific run. This means that while you don't have to participate in the run, you'll receive updates and can decide what, if any, actions to take. This is a good option if you're only interested in a single instance of a procedure. For example, you may want to only follow customer onboarding for one specific customer instead of all onboarding runs.
```
